is art, math, and public speaking all you need?

i mean surely. i had wondered why some people struggled in school, but i think i hit upon the perfect wombo combo.

ART: ive been doing art outside of school in classes since i was five, but tbh art is very easily self taught.
materials are expensive, but its usually fine to stick with cheaper options like pencil/paper, or colored pencils, or anything you have lying around. it wont make a huge difference

anyways, most people are very bad at art. so this means if youre good, you easily impress people. BONUS: its fun and exercises your creativity
this gets you friends easily and free A+s in any assignments that allow for creative work. Spanish project describing something? Just draw a cool picture, doesn't even matter much what the rest of your work is. English poster on a book? Make it an art piece, and your teacher will love you. Boom - we got the humanities down already.

MATH: gets you through all of STEM. Like it's called STEM, but its really all just based on math. 
Understanding the principles of axioms and reasoning through logical proofs helps you understand all the science, coding, and engineering youll ever need. Not to mention those four years of math class will be a breeze - free As for you! 

also surprisingly most people are really bad at math, so you'll impress them too. but math is super fun.

ive also been learning math since about 7 from outside classes, but this is one you can totally self learn too. theres great resources online like khan academy, not to mention textbook pdfs are GOATed

PUBLIC SPEAKING: is just the cherry on top honestly. youve basically got it all down already. All this gets you is love from your teachers and a bunch of friends and more power to get what you want (hit em with a bit of your charisma). i was super shy and lonely with no friends in elementary school, so my mom sent me to a bajillion debate, law, and public speaking camps in middle school. wow suddenly i get so much love and friends. i definitely got more comfortable in front of a crowd and being the center of attention (not that scary when youre used to it tbh). also definitely an investment to be good looking too. what you cant get from art and math, you can get with this.

ok good luck guys and have fun!!! if anyone takes over the world, you'll know who to thank!

ALSO GIRLIES STOP CARING SO MUCH ABOUT OTEHRS OPINIOINS OR WHAT OTHER PEOPLE THINK YOU MATTER THE MOST TO YOU
ok thx goodbyee